all right guys el cristo here and this
video is about the game amputee i have
just finished google hangout with some
members of the TG and community and the
one and only DJ keemstar joined then if
you don't know who he is he's kinda back
in the College of a YouTube community
and he is the actual owner of the game
developers that made amputee and this is
what he had to say about when you
actually complete the game the thing is
once you actually make the cup of tea
there's this special thing that you go
to and I haven't seen one person do it
yet so your sales going to be right now
in hesitant like like you're a great ama
call it on TV basically what we did is
we made a separate level and no one has
thought of that level no one so I don't
think anyone's made a cup of tea you
should have a prize for whoever gets it
first there is one but no one's been
able to lock that code so pretty much
once they make it anybody who's watching
this they have to tweet you the youtube
videos I'm along those lines to get this
the prize oh there's an actual code of
the game ships out that you put in on
the website and bam win something fuck
amazing come on come on I can't believe
I'm actually want to do this I'm not
going to be the first person to ever
fucking complete this game let's do you
you have successfully overcome adversity
at random difficulty press f10 to make
more tea well where is a cool with the
where's the code man where the next
level give these the next levels ping
come on just let's give get off Lydia's
FC space and while you can scumbag piece
yeah tea cup tea cart come on yeah
ah this fucking game never again